Add a message to `AGENTS.md` about `super::` imports. (#94733)
vercel/next.js: AGENTS.md

- cargo fmt uses ASCII order (uppercase before lowercase) - just run `cargo fmt`
- **Internal compiler error (ICE)?** Delete incremental compilation artifacts and retry. Remove `*/incremental` directories from your cargo target directory (default `target/`, or check `CARGO_TARGET_DIR` env var)

> - Avoid `super::` imports outside of test files — prefer `crate::`-rooted paths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Avoid adding new `super::` imports except in inline `mod` blocks (e.g. `mod tests { ... }`) — prefer `crate::`-rooted paths. This makes imports consistent and easier to grep for.
```
